and the more you guys study yourself the
better off the the closer the gap come
becomes between me and you because
ultimately we're all the same we're all
we're all lazy mofos okay let's get
started with miss gif time so I'm really
tired oh I'm sorry man
what Scott what's up with that I don't
know why I just get um
lately I've been getting really bad
anxiety at night like I I never had
anxiety my entire life but I can't sleep
at night anymore because I just get I'll
wake up and it's not even like it's a
bad dream and my stomach will be turning
and I have no idea what to do okay so
let's talk about that is that what you'd
like to talk I mean is that that seems
to be to be the most pressing cuz it's
like on yeah I'm your mind it's
something that like I mean it's it's
really annoying because it affects me
for stream for sure cuz I'm a lot more
tired but when I get a lot of sleep I
feel a lot better when I don't get a lot
of sleep I feel like crap okay so I
noticed a couple of things have changed
miss keV what things my wall nope oh
well yeah your wall is changed too but
that's not what I was thinking about I
was thinking about the time it took you
to get a pencil and a piece of paper oh
yeah I got that pretty quick
yeah that's my first thing I thought
about all are you sure
so that's a pole
I'm back okay so then something else has
changed what did you just do I made sure
to not have noises and stuff like that
so I could focus beautiful well done my
friend like you're like a five-year-old
yeah right so that that's the feeling of
shame but like that feeling is gonna be
there right so let's just okay I'm gonna
dive in is that okay miss gif mm-hmm
okay so you feel like a five-year-old
because Here I am and I'm and it's kind
of my fault because I'm saying like good
job
you got your pencil on time and you
close the door and I know I didn't mean
to make it sound condescending but like
seriously miss gif I think this is you
got to meet yourself where you're at
right and you you have to set up like
this is the difference between sucking
at life and being good at life it's not
about like being ashamed and the problem
is that shame gets in the way and makes
us want to not do things that we need to
do to take care of ourselves right so
like I can feel a shame for like needing
a personal trainer to work out because
so many people work out on their own but
if I need a personal trainer I need a
personal trainer and in your case I
think you've done a masterful job of
little things
tiny tiny things that are going to
improve your you're like output and your
attention over the course of the next
hour and you've already incorporated
them Thanks and just think about it like
if if at anyone else if they were in an
interview and like if I you know grabbed
my like if I just grabbed if I close the
door and grabbed a piece of paper and a
pen like we wouldn't think anything
about it right that would just be
completely normal right the only reason
I'm pointing it out to you is because I
see you making a big difference in your
life based on one conversation and so I
actually find that really really
reassuring because this tells me this is
a guy who if I try to share something
with him he's actually gonna [ __ ] pay
attention and like it will it will do
something there's some people that I
talked to where like they don't take
what I offer them and like that's a
waste of my time but you are not like
you're the very opposite of waste of my
time I'm sorry if it sort of feels kind
of gone
I really didn't know I know I it's
that's fine I don't I didn't care
okay so do you want to talk a little bit
more about attention and suffer you want
to talk about what keeps you from
sleeping III think we could do both why
I think the sleeping thing to me is
probably the most pressing thing cuz I I
can't sleep anymore it drives me nuts
like yeah it's really rough tell me what
what tell me about that what's what's
keeping you from sleeping I don't know
I'll go to bed and then during the night
I'll just have anxiety like oh oh
randomly I'll wake up multiple times
throughout the night and I'll be really
tired
the next day because I just can't sleep
because I have anxiety so I'll just
constantly wake up I probably Rick
around 6:00 like 4 to 6 times a night
and and then sometimes I can't just I
can't go back to bed so so tell me what
you mean by anxiety
I think it's anxiety I mean it's my
stomach is feels like it's turning and
then it's like I almost feel like I did
an ab workout during while I'm sleeping
okay that's what I feel so stomach feels
turning so you feel queasy it's it's not
like I feel sick I feel like it's like
my like if you like flex your abs like
that's how it feels like I I feel like I
did that the entire time I'm sleeping
are you dreaming yes so what I always
dream what kind of dreams are you having
oh the most ridiculous dreams ever I had
a dream there like I had a dream
yesterday that I had a wheelbarrow that
was electric that cuz that was going
down my streets and then people were
trying to find me or something I don't
even remember the whole story but I just
remember I I was really just driving
around electric wheelbarrow and and when
people were trying to find you was there
some sort of fearful emotion around that
like did you not want to be found I
remember I don't
I don't think I was even that worried
because I was in a wheelbarrow to be
honest with you I think my one thing
that would make me feel weird it was my
one friend while I was dream while I was
dreaming my friend took my stream and
went live on it and I got really angry
at him I don't know if that would make
me like my stomach turn though that's in
the dream mm-hmm okay so that didn't
actually happen but you dreamed about
being you dreamed about dreaming and
your friend going live on your stream
yeah okay so so it sounds like you felt
angry with him in the dream well yeah
okay then I woke up okay and and so so
your your dreams like I don't know how
else can you tell me about like another
one just ran like it does it the details
actually aren't that important just if
something comes into mind if you can't
tell me about another one that's fine
like if nothing comes to mind that's
okay I'm just trying to detect patterns
if there are any but you dream all night
long basically yeah like my dreams are
make no sense they're really stupid but
I do dream every single all the time all
right whatever I wake up and like wow
that she was terrible and then I go back
to bed but I it's never like nightmares
it's never like oh why was just like a
nightmare it's usually just something on
the lines of just something happening in
my dream it's like I I know two years
ago I would have the same kind of dream
and I wouldn't feel queasy I've never
had this feeling of my ABS hurting at
night oh and I'm the street I'm trying
to sleep okay and do you have trouble
falling to sleep not
really that bad honestly it's not a
trouble falling asleep I just don't
think I get deep sleep ever I I feel
like I am very light sleeper like I'll
wake up and it's like one of my
roommates opens the fridge so I I'm a
very light sleeper and it's really bad I
just can't sleep at night and it's
definitely affecting my stream I mean
you can see bags into my eyes so so miss
gift what can you tell me about your
sleeping environment it's it's pretty
dark it's ah I wish I had a picture of
it I I think I definitely do it's it's
just it's in my closet it's it's just
the bed that it literally is just the
bed in the closet and that's it okay
close do and it's pitch-black deep okay
so your bed is in your closet yeah so
it's like this
that's my bed this is my closet and
that's the door
gotcha and do you do you have like do
you listen to music or anything before
you fall asleep or have a noise machine
or anything like that
mm-hmm nothing you have a given re are
you hot when you sleep sometimes but not
often because if it's a closet it must
not have like like ventilation right it
does okay
interesting yeah you you're in Texas is
that right mm-hmm okay have you ever
slept with a weighted blanket I have
three okay and tell me about your
experience with weighted blankets they I
it's the last March I used to get
terrible anxiety I had horrible anxiety
every night it was this the anxiety I
get it now is like 70% reduced ever
since I started taking what was I taking
I forget um I forgot what I take an
antidepressant
I forget what antidepressants called
okay it's like the very common one you
probably know what it is
Zoloft lexapro lexapro prozac so ever
since I started taking that it's been
reduced like 70% I would say but back in
like last year around April right like
in May my anxiety was terrible I've
always had bad knotting bad anxiety but
I always kick in my sleep a lot so I I
got an ADHD or I got one of those
blankets and it's helped me a lot like a
lot so I have three of them now are they
different weights yeah so one's 15 ones
22 and ones 20 how much do you weigh if
you don't want to be asking 170 and
which one do you which one do you find
works the best for you probably the 20
cuz I used the 22 for a while and it was
a way to heavy weight so just a quick
rule of thumb for what kind of weight
you want for a weighted blanket you want
to be 10 to
10 to 12 percent of your body weight so
my had to you know recommend one for you
would be 20 pounds yes interesting okay
so I I was gonna say you're the first
person that I've talked to that has like
different weights cuz usually what I you
know people come and I say like why
don't you get away to blanket get one
that's ten to twelve percent of your
body weight and then they just get you
know that so that's that's interesting
interesting that you know I've tried
multiple ones in the 10 to 12 percent
range actually works best for you yeah
no they 822 is way too heavy and I was
noticing that I was having trouble
breathing when I was sleeping cuz I'm
like hey just wait was very important
yeah and then the light the 15-pound was
okay but it was is like I was pretty
much Goldilocks and the three bears or
whatever it is yeah you know 24/7 yeah
it's just right that's great okay so so
it sounds like you don't actually have
trouble falling asleep it sounds like
your sleep is disturbed and then you
wake up and then you feel a lot of 10th
is attention and your yeah it's it's
tensions the word it's really bad and I
noticed that every night it feels like
my abs are like I I just feel like I did
an ab workout and it happens multiple
times throughout the night are you
worried about something
something that's really on my mind that
I'm worrying about all the time
streaming I mean that's like the one
thing I would say I worry about a lot of
streaming okay and how many of your
wakening x' happen after a dream during
a dream usually during a dream usually
mm-hmm is it I usually be dreaming and
then it will happen like almost be at
the beach I remember okay I remember one
I was at the beach and there was like a
70 foot wave that was coming and it was
the middle of the summer and I was in
the water but I didn't give a crap and
there was and the beach the waves came
and crashed but and then I woke up but I
didn't I wasn't scared you weren't
scared in the dream or you weren't
scared when you woke up I wasn't scared
in the dream hmm can I think for a
second
okay so miss gif I've got a couple of
different options for you
all right they range from various
amounts of like conservative and like
safe stuff to talk about to like wild
and imaginative okay okay so one one
option so first of all I don't know that
what you're feeling is anxiety okay
that's just what you're describing
actually feels to me to be tension
because you're not like so anxiety when
I think about anxiety I think about
worry I think about thinking about the
future like generally speaking people
who have anxiety or worried about what's
gonna happen the weirdest thing is that
so usually people who have anxiety have
trouble falling asleep yeah I have no
problem falling asleep because their
their mind is active keeps them awake
they're like worrying about the next day
they're worrying about this worrying
about that and they have trouble falling
asleep you're not actually describing
that the other thing about anxieties
anxiety does affect the stomach but it
usually affects it in terms of like
queasiness as opposed to like tension
mmm the other thing is that there seems
to be so I'm not so sure how much
anxiety like fits with what you're
describing which may be it is anxiety
but it's kind of like you're not using
some of this more standard language for
anxiety now I understand that you do
have anxiety around the stream so one
option is that we can assume that this
anxiety is maybe related to like some
kind of subconscious anxiety about
stream we can talk about your concerns
around streaming we can try to help you
with some of that anxiety sounds like
that would be like a pretty good use of
our time and then the hope there would
be that generally speaking is the mind
becomes more calm in the waking world
and as the the you know is there's a
weight off of your mind then your sleep
will become more peaceful that's kind of
like a no-brainer
I feel like it's it's a lot I feel like
it's a lot that I have a lot of uh I
feel a lot of stress all the time when
it comes to streaming and when it comes
to my life and maybe that is making my
this is this was my thought it was that
I have a lot of stress constantly and
and I'm super stressed and I'm thinking
about streaming all the time because the
thing is I think the average person when
they work right like my dad when he goes
to work
he what he's done with work it's done
when he's done with work he goes to bed
or he goes home and he watches CNN and
he yells the TV went for me I don't ever
get off work my job streaming is a
lifestyle it's something where my life
is streaming I am Miss Kip 24/7 and
while there's a lot of product so that
that I really do enjoy there is pieces
of it that are bad and I think me
worrying about stuff be worrying about
streaming me worrying about if I need to
do this what am I going to do tomorrow
you know am I still doing this am I good
enough for this
I think worrying about all that stuff
constantly is is and then I like being
stressed all day is making me wake up in
the middle of the night yeah I think
that makes a lot of sense so it sounds
like that's maybe what we should talk
about today yeah okay so tell me a
little bit about what it's like to
constantly be thinking about streaming
it's uh I don't mind it really sometimes
when I think about the idea of always
thinking about streaming and always
thinking about twitch I I don't mind it
but sometimes it does suck like you know
I'm always stressed if I'm like if I
should stream or what I need to do for
streaming and I think a lot of like
competitive streamers I guess you can
call them or people that care about the
streams a lot professional streamers
care and it's because they they have
fears that I think are irrational
sometimes but the fear of you know
becoming irrelevant the fear of one day
you turn on your stream and no one's
there
the fear that you know you're not you're
not good enough anymore you know you're
are you really entertaining anymore is
do people really care about you mm-hm
and those kind of fears constantly our
lumen lumen ating or looming me looming
yeah and it scares the crap out of me
and I think about it all day so you're
afraid that you know right now you're
streaming and and you have viewers and
stuff but that
it one day you know that's gonna your
viewership will drop off right like you
can't stay relevant forever I feel like
it's like I it's almost like vines in in
a in a jungle and I feel like I've been
trying to grab on to I'm like constantly
trying to grab on the vines every day
I'm barely surviving it's how I feel
okay so what I'm hearing from you is
like kind of a complete lack of security
in your future right it's not so much
about success day to day and it's about
like when you wake up in the morning and
get sort of like you know actually what
it sounds like
miss gift do you watch football no okay
you know what a Hail Mary is yeah it's
like every play is a Hail Mary right
yeah yeah yeah that's exactly it feels
like every day is like L Miriam you know
am I actually gonna even be a bit like
yeah yeah I couldn't think of anything
no I mean I think it sounds awful
actually like so what I'm also hearing
from you is that you're living life on
the edge right like it's you're you're
kind of like you're just right on the
precipice and if things don't work out
you know if you get a couple bad streams
than like your viewership drops and this
happens and then this happens like
you're kind of on the edge of the cliff
and like there's there's there's never
no matter how successful you are it's it
seems to me like it's it's basically
impossible from for you to move away
from the edge of the cliff yeah and I
feel like a lot of that angst comes from
when I grew a lot last year when I grew
a lot less year in May I started to feel
like you know when you double your view
count overnight it becomes something
like are these people really there for
me or are they there because of the hype
and I am terrified that they're going to
just leave one day and then people are
just going to [ __ ] on me and be like oh
you know you suck like you're dead
stream and blah blah blah all that stuff
I think it's not a fun thing to think
about it scares me because I don't want
them to leave you know I don't want to
go back
- I feel like I've worked so hard and to
go back to like half of what I had or
something like that really scares me
okay yeah can I think for a second
mm-hmm can you tell me about what what
it was like to grow so quickly it was
it's just pressure and it just comes
down to pressure and stress because
people are constantly thinking that you
need to and it's the thing is I don't
even know if it's people thinking this
or if it's just me over analyzing it but
I I constantly feel like I need to be
entertaining or I constantly feel like I
need to be doing something or you know
they're just gonna leave and never come
back or I feel like that you know that
they they just think that I need to come
I need to constantly be I guess the word
is entertaining and it's just stressful
and I don't control how entertaining you
are yeah for sure
I mean I've seen well III think I mean
you can ask my friends off stream but I
I do always try to entertain there's not
a moment besides I guess right now
where I am NOT trying to entertain I'm
always trying to make people laugh it's
it's my life it's been my life since I
was a kid was - trying to make people
laugh okay so so that's not the question
that I asked though so I don't ask can
you try to be entertaining I asked can
you control how entertaining you are
what do you mean by that so trying to be
entertaining is like sort of an effort
or an action controlling how
entertaining you are is about an outcome
being
entertaining is not actually like is
about other people's perception of
whether you're entertaining or not it
has nothing to do it's not the same as
your efforts right so like there's a
difference between I tell 10 jokes a day
to try to be funny and I tell 10 funny
jokes a day Oh does that make sense
mm-hmm yeah so I would say can I control
if I'm funny or not now so can you
control whether you're entertaining or
not know maybe like it's some days I
have it some days I just don't give a
[ __ ]
it's really weird which makes sense
right because I think that's why like so
if I had to put myself in your shoes and
I realized deep down that I actually do
not control how entertaining I am it
logically leads to your fears of
everyday as a Hail Mary because you
actually can't control what if you it's
true right make sense because you can't
control whether they're gonna laugh and
here you are spending every waking and
sleeping moment trying to figure out how
to make them laugh yeah that's actually
very true and you think I got to think
more if I think I think I think I think
I think you're the quarterback who looks
at the field and says I got to throw a
Hail Mary and every waking minute you're
thinking how can I make sure that this
Hail Mary gets caught yeah and if I
think harder and if I think during my
sleep and if I think when I'm taking a
[ __ ] if I think about it worry about it
stress about it how can I make sure that
that Hail Mary wins the reality is they
can't say I the more you think about
trying to be funny like this I I don't
remember anything from when I was a kid
I just don't
I just remember I was a piece of [ __ ]
but I remember why one friend Danny
he always he always asked me he's like
how do you make everybody laugh or how
do you always how are you
always being funny and I said to him I
said the key to being funny is don't try
and that's the problem that he had I was
like you always are trying to be funny
and no one is gonna laugh because you're
trying or you're caring too much you're
trying to think about it and I think
back then it doesn't it's different then
compared to being extremely right
because I feel that being a streamer I
always need to be entertaining
especially ever since I grew massively
but the reality is in being funny you
can't always be funny right it's like if
everything is good then you know if
everything is considered everything is
good then it's not good it's just
average right you want to make sure that
your jokes are funny you want to make
sure that you're being funny and not it
almost sounds like you also want to make
sure that there are times where you're
not funny
well you because it's it's important to
not force it right I mean if I'm telling
jokes seven hours a day or I'm trying to
be funny for seven hours it doesn't work
you can't be that no one is like that
and it's you know it's it's not a
reality but I try to be as much as
possible entertaining and sometimes I
feel like I'm almost like I'm trying to
force it when it's just not there and it
stresses me because I I think that
that's that you what you said is exactly
I think about it all day every day and
it goes into my sleep where I'm thinking
about it all day every day that I need
to be entertaining because streaming is
a 24/7 job and I feel like I need to be
doing that when I was always like that I
mean I always was thinking that I need
to be entertaining but not to the point
now because you know back then if I went
to my friend's house and just played
halo and I didn't feel like making a
joke no one gave a [ __ ] well nowadays if
I go live and I play video games super
like why aren't you being funny like
what are you doing like they're like
poking a stick at me like dance monkey
how does that feel
[Music]
not the best but I mean it comes with
the job you know you got a you got to do
what you got to do so the misc if I want
to kind of come back to this core point
yeah I mean you shared a lot of stuff
about you know being funny and trying
and in controlling and and sort of I was
kind of confused because I felt like you
were saying all the stuff that I'm
supposed to say which what part because
that I probably think about this all the
time yeah does that make sense like I
feel like you told yourself exactly what
it's my job to tell you which is that
you can't control the Hail Mary yeah
it's nice to hear from you though cuz
you're I mean you know it like yeah I
didn't even say it like you said it
right you're thinking about your friend
and it's almost like you're drawing a
parallel between who you are now and who
your friend used to be yeah that
suddenly use somewhere along the way you
started trying okay actually you've
always tried somewhere along the way you
became trapped by the expectation of
being funny yeah that's it you let
yourself be bound by it and what you
used to do is used to just be you yeah
it was easy to be you and people saw
that and then they loved it and you grew
and somewhere along the way you stopped
being you and you started pretending to
be you yeah yeah you started trying to
become the person that they that
attracted them in the first place which
is kind of weird because that's sort of
you but it's not actually you right you
started instead of being yourself you
started living like up to this like
ideal mischief which is actually like a
mythological thing like that's not a
real thing man because what they saw was
you and I think probably that I've
noticed this like time and time again
because I talked to a fair number of
streamers I don't know if it's a
selection bias but I think part of what
attracts people to twitch is not seeing
someone perfect
it's seeing someone flawed mm-hmm right
and and I think that this is kind of
this is wild because I think miss Kaif
unfortunately the real problem here is
that actually you're [ __ ] smart guy
the real problem is that your mind is
able to see futures for you and perform
calculations so many calculations where
you crash and burn so one thing I've
seen about anxiety is the smarter you
are the worst liang's ideas mmm yeah
negativo
and and so your mind is like calculating
all of these different options like if
you don't do this and if you don't do
this and if you don't do this and what
you're looking for is the answer right
you've got you're like you're a
quarterback with a five head and you're
thinking about wind speed and this and
that how can I calculate to make sure
this pass gets caught but the truth is
you can't it's a now misc if we come to
something that's really really wild
terrifying and crazy which is surrender
in life you do not control the outcomes
you only control your efforts and if you
want to be at peace with yourself
understand that the more you stress when
you talk about stress what you're trying
to do is control an outcome it's like
you're you're into a girl and you want
to say the perfect thing to get her to
say yes when you ask her out
how can I make her say yes in your mind
like does backflips and loops and your
drawing on chalkboards and your
calculating things out and you're taking
notes you're stressing about your
thinking about it thinking about it
thinking about it because there are
these possibilities and one day like how
can you figure out a formula so that
every day when you stream you're funny
and people like it and they're gonna
continue to grow and they'll never
abandon you and you can have security
for the rest of your life you are
setting up a problem for yourself that
is so impossible to solve but at the
same time you're a smart guy and you
rely on solving problems you've trusted
yourself because your whole life you've
actually been plagued with difficulties
and yet your mind Feisal
finds a way to overcome them whether
it's a TD in school or this or that or
whatever like you've always found a way
you've relied on your mind it's
incredibly powerful it's always showed
you a way to like move forward and now
you come to the unsolvable problem the
constant stress of how do I make sure
they stay and you're in an in in an
industry where you can't yeah so the
bizarre thing here is and I think you
sort of have the first half of the
answer yourself which is like what you
told your friend is that you can't
actually guarantee that they're gonna
come you can't guarantee that they're
gonna stay and you can't guarantee that
you're gonna be funny and stress as much
as you want to you cannot control the
outcomes of your actions and so this is
terrifying because what what this means
is that for you to be at peace you have
to give up control so there is a way
forward which is that you try to be
yourself right so like this I know this
sounds crazy but I know exactly what
you're talking about
hmm because this is where you've had it
similarly right absolutely right from 0
to 18 thousand viewers in two months
yeah
it's terrifying and like I struggled too
and so the difference between me and
many other streamers is I am so [ __ ]
lucky that I've spent 15 years
meditating before I started my first
stream mmm so I have some tools in my
tool kit and I've learned certain things
and the first is that as a human being
you learn this in medicine real [ __ ]
quick it's not just meditation it's also
in medicine that I can try I can care
about a patient as much as I want to I
cannot save them mm-hmm you just can't
control like I can I can study I can
work but at the end of the day the
doctors who get torn alive by themselves
are the ones who try to control whether
they can save a life or not
that's terrifying them what's terrifying
about it you know it goes back to the
streaming thing it's just the
possibility that you can if you don't if
you if you lose what you had or if
you're not yourself anymore you can just
it goes away what goes away everybody
your success does people this is where
you got to be a little bit careful with
your thinking okay because misc if your
yours twitch success may go go away but
you won't go away and now you have
another problem where who you are is
getting tangled up with twitch you are
starting to derive a sense of value and
purpose related to your viewer count
which unfortunately is exactly how
social media operates like it's not I
don't think that it's like diabolical I
don't think they designed it like this
but it's just like when you see your
viewer account like you have an
objective measure of your value as a
human being and that's becoming like
it's terrifying but like you know human
beings like if you look at a tribe of
Apes they have sort of like a social
standing but it's nebulous right there's
no like there's no quantitative it's not
like like a troupe of chimpanzees have
like numbers stamped on their head about
like what their value in the tribe is
does that make sense yeah and that's how
we used to be - right so like used to
like if you think about you know 50
years ago sure some people were rich and
some people had nice cars but some
people were really good at making
brownies and some people were super nice
and some people had kids that were like
great at playing the violin and so our
sense of worth was like really really
nebulous and so we had some degree of
comfort in that because like there's no
way to like rank like the quality of
brownie versus like making ten thousand
more dollars in a year yeah you can't
you just can't compare that whereas now
what's happened is life has given us a
way to stamp a number on her forehead
about what we're worth
I also feel like an issue with that is
it's not only that we're stamping a
number that were worth it's the social
climb never ends you know it's that you
know like I was content with what I had
a year ago but I wanted a little bit
more and I still said that today you
know it's it never ends and I'm sure if
I grow it's still gonna I'm still gonna
want more because there's always out
there
excellent so I'm glad you recognized
that you're actually in a good spot
miss-ghetti mmm so I also work with
people who are you know have net worth
some hundred million five hundred
million billion dollars some of them
want more it's never enough
and so now we get to a couple of really
core principles so the first is that
satisfaction doesn't come from the
outside it comes from within
it is much of like a hippie yoga hippy
Oprah kind of thing that that's a like
that's literally how it works yeah all
right and and it's wild to actually
think about it second thing is you
cannot control the outcomes of your
actions you can only control your
actions what do you think about that you
can't control
the outcome of your actions you can only
control your actions so you can it goes
back to what you said about making jokes
or doing things it's you you can't
control it you can you can you can't
control if they're gonna laugh or not
you just gotta be you
exactly very good so I'm glad you
clarified what it is what you control is
whether you make a joke and what the
joke is you do not control whether they
laugh yeah this is a terrifying and
transformative realization for you to
embrace fully because our whole life our
our society and our system of
functioning is based on the idea that
you can control the outcomes of your
actions it's just terrifying cuz what's
terrifying about it good that means you
understand at Misgav what still you know
it i I it's the idea that people put me
on this like pedestal of like what I
need to be which is like this streamer
that you know it always has to be
entertaining or funny and stuff like
that and well a lot of times I feel like
I am but there's some times where I'm
not and I it's terrifying because I
don't want to lose them I don't I don't
want to lose my people because of they
they have too high of expectations very
good so two really important things that
you said there the first understand this
you are trying to live up to the
expectation in the mind of a viewer and
twitch at at that not just a regular
viewer twitch at right well just is i
I've asked them and and I've I've also
been a twitch viewer and seven years
eight years and I know that they just
they don't even care like I they don't
give a [ __ ]
excellent like I I have asked them for
they
have I I've been there and you know
streamers are complaining or thinking
about stuff and as a viewer they're just
like what are you on about like you are
fine nothing is a problem we don't care
beautiful next step so what I said is
actually false okay the expectation that
you are trying to live up to is the
expectation of what you imagine twitch
at thinks about you yeah it's not
actually them it's you the expectation
that you fail to live up to is the one
that you create for yourself it's not
coming from the rest of the world yeah
you torture yourself by your own
expectation it's created by your mind
because twitch chat is actually lovely
they're like wonderful people like I
know it's crazy no I like I've I I've
done plenty of streams for I'm like a
you know oh I hang out with my offline
chat a lot and I'll be like that was a
terrible stream they're like dude what
are you one of that was fine I'm like no
like it was bad and it's my expectations
or I think that I didn't do enough I
didn't say enough jokes I didn't try to
be funny I wasn't saying stuff like it
was fine like it was a good stream okay
haven't flown good so let's file that
away because I think the problem is that
when you get that kind of data it like
passes through you right yeah you're
like you you have like a strainer you're
like a colander that catches all the bad
thoughts and lets the positivity flow
through like water the bad thoughts are
the pasta and the water are the good
thoughts and all the reasons that you
should trust in your success the fact
that you've grown like what you think
you've been faking it
for a year for two years yeah I haven't
been scamming people no actually what
you've been is right that's what they're
they're they're latching on to is you
and then somewhere along the way like
instead of just having fun with it which
is what is responsible for your eyes you
create an expectation for yourself you
try to live up to that expectation and
thereby you [ __ ] yourself do constant
stress how can I be the Miss gif of
before
in that what you're looking for is
security you want them to stay here's
the crazy thing you can't make them stay
in the same way that a doctor cannot
save a life in the same way that even
over the course of this hour I can't
help you hmm
do you understand that like when I when
I was a little horse to order absolutely
and and they're gonna do what they're
gonna do and so the other thing that's
terrifying about this is use the word
want that's the problem you want and I
would guess that when you started
streaming you actually didn't want no I
wanted okay I want it really bad okay so
that's something to be further explored
but I think your desire or your
expectation so let's stick with
expectation so I'm wrong about the one
but we can explore that later let's kind
of stick with this idea of expectation
so I want you to understand this like
what what effect does expectation have
on an experience for a human being so
let's just like pick movies for example
like if I have an expectation about a
movie what does that do to my like
experience of the movie you well if you
expect something then it's probably if
you think oh it's gonna be really good
then if it doesn't live up to that
standard or close you're gonna hate it
and what if it does live up to that
standard it won't be as good what if I
expect nothing from that movie it's
probably better if you think like the
movies gonna suck and then you go into
it and it's actually really good yeah
under they go wow those really good
movie
so I remember have you ever seen a movie
called what we do in the shadows I never
watch movies okay so I I had no idea
what this movie was like no idea and I
just watched it and I like absolutely
loved it even if I knew it's the kind of
movie that if you know anything about it
I think the more you know about it
before you watch the worse it's gonna be
hmm and so let's just think about this
for a second right so now like you're
suffering misg if you get that
you're suffering intensely in the size
of your expectations has grown and as
your expectations grow your suffering
gross and the reason that you expect is
because you want security from the
future you're trying to literally just
think about this or thing what I'm gonna
say sounds crazy out of the context is
conversation you are trying to control
the future
yes can you control the future
no so the earlier that you accept that
so this is where we get to surrender
okay so if the Yogi's say is for someone
who is filled with expectation the
solution is surrender surrender
surrender surrender acknowledge that you
can't control the future acknowledge
that there's nothing you can say to make
that girl fall in love with you
acknowledge that you can't make the Hail
Mary acknowledge that there's no way to
guarantee success and that
acknowledgement is [ __ ] terrifying
because it's all of your worst fears
right but something something bizarre
happens when you surrender is you start
to feel at peace the other bizarre thing
that I've seen over and over and over
again is your life actually does get
better materialistically
how do I surrender them so I think you
just think you focus on the action
instead of the outcome so every day miss
gift the most that you can do is like
stream and do the best that you can if
there's some amount of thinking about
stuff off stream that's fine like if you
have to work off stream to improve your
stream then so be it
but understand that like focusing on the
outcome and stressing about whether
you're gonna be good or not is actually
like that doesn't you can't be good
like understand that like no matter how
hard you try and how much you think it's
not up to you so some people surrender
through God or the idea of God right so
they like put things like on God and
they kind of acknowledge that there's a
higher power like you see this in a a so
like what it's kind of interesting
because a a like really helps people
stay sober you know what a is alcoholic
seems and the funny thing about like a a
is like they achieve sobriety with like
foundation of that they're like a flawed
human being and like they're not going
to be able to do it that's actually
where they start but something bizarre
happens to your psychology once you
accept that you're not in control and
that failure is a real possibility and
then what happens because the problem
with alcoholics is like they [ __ ] up
when they think they're in control does
that make sense
mm-hmm so the more that they think they
can handle it the worse off they do and
when they start to accept that they
can't control it
that they can't handle it they start to
treat the alcohol with respect and they
stay away from it so in a bizarre way
does that make sense kind of it's
bizarre it's paradoxical it's not how
our mind usually works and so for a lot
of people this is like religion and so
it doesn't it doesn't have to be
religion by the way I'm just using these
as examples so some people will
surrender to God so they'll say like
okay like you know I really want this
job but I'm gonna pray in God if it's
like if it's in line with what you want
for me then wonderful I'll be happy but
they kind of like let go of their
control yeah and I've worked really hard
for this but at the same time if it is
in your Divine Will then Soviet so they
go down that route so that's like one
way you can do it the interesting thing
is that you know it doesn't have to be
God it's just the idea that you
acknowledge that you are not in control
of the future that you can't make the
hell marylande
you can't make a woman fall in love with
you that's the important thing is just
understand that like every day when you
wake up you cannot street you can't
create a success on stream you can only
give what you have to give yeah it's
like enjoyment yep doesn't show me like
I feel like that's pretty much how it is
or it's like the expectation that I put
it's it's not even them which is crazy
like they don't care but I put this
expectation it's super high for me and
then but this is the reality where it's
like sometimes I will meet the
expectations and like I will do whatever
but I always I'm constantly thinking
about it I think this is what probably
also doesn't help me sleep is I'm
constantly thinking about it all day
every day which actually makes this go
lower
because like I said when I told my
friend Danny where it's like if you try
you're never funny if you try anything
no one's gonna laugh cuz it's not funny
you could tell what a jokes forced you
could tell when something's not
authentic and the that actually makes
this go lower and this expectation is
not gonna be met you know this is the
reality and what I have to realize is
this is it and it will never be this it
can't be this as much as I think about
it all day when I think about it gets
worse but as much as I think about it
all day it this can and will never
happen of my expectations and I just
have to understand that I am pretty much
human and I don't know if this is also
affected because of my II do like my ego
absolutely yeah he goes absolutely tied
into their crap right so right sorry I
know you believe it like because because
when you said like what I have to accept
is that I'm human that's not what your
ego thinks miss gif you're miss gift is
not your ego does not expect of you to
be human it expects of you to be
superhuman yeah I I expect myself I'm
like a yeah right I am the God that
people pray to there's like that I don't
think my phone that's that I so so so
this is where they're a couple of other
things okay so I'm gonna give you a
couple of analogies so a lot of this the
good news I mean there's good and bad
news here the good news is that you can
fix this and most of this is going on in
your mind the bad news is because it's
going on in your mind it's harder to fix
than something is that is going on
outside of your mind yeah it's like you
know hardware and software yeah but I
mean like sometimes if there's a bad
situation it's external and it's
relatively easy to fix fixing yourself
is sometimes harder okay so here a
couple of things so like let me put it
to you this way so when I select like
let's just think about a doctor right so
like a doctor who's working in an
emergency room like when a patient comes
in let's say you've got a motor vehicle
accident and like they've got broken
bones and like you know their heart
contusions and things like that you know
the doctor is going to do a free
that they can but they can't control
whether that person survives or doesn't
right you just do the best that you can
you give of yourself what you are as
completely as you can and you leave the
rest and I'm just gonna use this
phrasing because I think it's like easy
to conceptualize you leave the rest up
to God right you don't have to believe
in God but you can just say you do the
most that you can you leave the rest up
to fate entropy randomness chaos theory
God whatever whatever right there that
there's a limit to what you're capable
of and the rest of it is responsible
someone else is responsible for and I
think religious people sort of figured
that out right so they called it God and
and the other thing that you you have to
remember miss Kipp is that like I think
the other real solution here for you is
I think instead of thinking about ego
and being someone I I would really try
to encourage you to reframe what you're
doing is service really so like your
you're not streaming for yourself you're
not streaming to live up to an
expectation you're gonna show up and try
to help people as best as you can okay I
so like that actually could help yeah so
like teenage suicide rate has gone up by
50 percent in the last decade the
percentage of people who are NEETs not
in education employment and training is
in an all-time high climate change to
prior mental health has now surpassed
cardiovascular disease and cancer in the
United States is the most expensive
organ so more people there's more loss
of productivity and morbidity and
mortality so the disease burden of
mental health is now number one we've
we've we've bypassed the effects of like
Mickey D's and and sodas and cancer and
cigarettes and all that good stuff so
we're number one and understand that you
actually fulfill a very important role
for these people right which is like our
people is people like you which is that
they come to your stream and they're
looking for entertainment but they're
also looking to like have their day be a
little bit better they want to take a
break from their
it's almost like they come to hang out
absolutely yeah and and they're not
there for a show they're there for me
yeah
beautifully put right and so should you
try to cheer them up
absolutely they're coming to hang out
you want to make sure that they have a
good time that's fine but understand
that like you can't make him have a good
time right they have to meet you halfway
and that's the most that you can do you
can just be yourself let go of the
consequences of your actions and focus
on what you do the other cool thing
about this is there's a beautiful source
of pride over focusing on your actions
because that's something you can control
when you sleep at night the question
isn't how many lives did I save today or
how many of my patients did I die
it did died today the question is did I
do the best that I can
did I like study hard did I pay
attention am I going to learn from today
and is it going to make me a better
person tomorrow because the patients are
gonna come tomorrow the viewers are
gonna come tomorrow tomorrow is gonna
come so did you do everything that you
can today to make the most of it to
enrich these people's lives like
understand that people who watch twitch
sometimes when they watch twitch they
decide not to kill themselves like
that's a real thing like it's crazy
right like there are people who watch
who are suicidal and something about the
connections that we form with each other
online keep us from killing ourselves
it's the biggest thing that I think like
the boomers don't get they talk about
like all of the evils of social media
like I do because now we have good ways
to stamp like a value to herself and so
it enhances our shame but the other
amazing thing is that there's connection
and there's hope and there's strength
and there are people who get to know you
and they're people who are connected to
you there are people who love you I have
a feeling of love towards twit twit chat
it was really confusing for a while and
I was like do I really feel that how can
I feel that I don't know I don't
understand it but that's what I feel
yeah that's why I do this it's what
keeps me like it's what helps me not
care about my viewer account because
there are times where I was like okay if
my viewer count drops does that mean I
should stop
do something else I'm like no what the
[ __ ] is wrong with you like you're not
doing it for a viewer account you're
doing it because like you have something
to share and if you can help even if my
viewer account is one so be it it's
about helping not one person that was my
exact that exactly he's to say good when
I first started and I think I have
noticed what you said was true when the
more I I've noticed on days that I say I
forget what I think or I forget what I
say a lot of times and then but
sometimes people you like can jog my
memory and I've realized that a lot of
times when I am thinking about not
putting on a show but more so just like
I'm there for them or I'm there to help
these people who you know one of these
people that I might answer their
question in chat because I sometimes
forget that I was like a huge pleb I was
literally just like them if not worse I
you know well I was alone yeah well in a
lot of ways I'm similar to them and that
I know that if I can view if a streamer
read out my message I'm like as lame as
it sounds and that's what just they want
to make fun of that it does feel cool
you do get infinitive like oh like you
know it's a little bit of attention that
they might need throughout the day if
they got like no one that looks at them
or no one that cares you know that that
feeling of maybe just hanging out with
them when playing a video game or just
hanging out the more I think like that
the more I enjoy streaming because I
feel like it's not I don't I don't feel
stressed these expectations are they
don't care about the readout they like
the reality the real person because that
might be why they're there you know so
I'm sure there are a lot of you there
are viewers that care about this
expectations be sure there hype viewers
they were there when I got banned but
something I gotta realize is one that
was a year ago like these people that
are here aren't here because Oh miss
give got banned we're here for the
excitement I mean I'm sure you know
they're there because of me because of
my reality
yeah so now so yeah I think thing
biscuits so a couple things I'll kind of
leave you with okay so the first is that
I don't here wanting in there I have no
doubt that wanting is there but this is
not wanting does that make sense
mm-hmm Bodeen by wanting that so I said
earlier you kind of said oh I wanted it
I have no doubt that you wanted it but
this is not wanting what we're talking
about is not wanting right label to go
on yeah so I think this is about kind of
service and it's about like devotion
it's about like you know hanging out
like hanging out is not wanting it's
just chilling like wanting is something
else like it's a desire for like a
particular thing or a particular outcome
and I think so you ask you know how do I
surrender well I think you just go back
to it right it's not about it's not
about going to a new place it's about
going to an old place of like why you
got into the business to begin with like
that's the spirit that's the spirit that
you've got to keep alive right it's
about like hanging out with people and
gaming like that's what we're here for
that's what twitch was born about and I
hear like some people kind of complain
because twitch is changing a lot and
like some of the spirit of like what
twitch was founded on has changed
because people like me show up yeah I I
think I think yeah I hear that a lot too
and also I was there I mean yeah so I
think Trident which now is really good
though I think people yeah I think it's
one plane yeah so I think the other
thing that I you know for what this is
worth I think that at some time you know
at some point your twitch name like I
have I've just difficulty envisioning
you is like a 76 year old dude streaming
on Twitch like I just have difficult so
like I just don't think that that's
gonna happen and so I think that your
stream will probably have a lifespan
because that's usually how things go and
this is crazy I think that's gonna be
okay I think that this is a that things
are gonna change for you things are
gonna evolve a lot of people kind of
transition and I think that you're
capable of that transition too whenever
it comes yeah right and so have faith in
the person that you are have faith in
the in the person that you're becoming
and and that's you know that's that's it
man surrender let go be what you are
today instead of like trying to be
something else and now something for
everyone watching so I think this is
huge because I think out of all of the
streams that I've done this is the thing
that I think like relates to the what I
see is the biggest problems for people
who like reach out to me is understand
that expectation is what holds you back
right understand that so much of why you
do not act in life is because you are
waiting to act you you're not gonna act
until you can guarantee a result because
when you were ashamed of yourself like
if you were ashamed and you've never had
a girlfriend you can't handle a
rejection which in turn means that like
you're gonna wait until you can make
someone fall in love with you and when
you know you could make someone fall in
love with you then you're gonna ask them
because that's the only way that if you
feel ashamed about yourself the only way
that you're willing to put yourself out
there is if you can guarantee a
particular result because if you're
ashamed and you can guarantee result
then you can do it because you don't
have to deal with your shame it proves
that you don't have to be ashamed
everything is hunky-dory
everything is good and so that reliance
on controlling the future and
guaranteeing for yourself that you don't
have to deal with your shame you don't
have to deal with your failure you don't
have to deal with your rejection is what
paralyzes you it keeps you from moving
forward you are so concerned with being
a failure that you never try maturely
right that's the crux of it and then
people say oh I don't have motivation no
the problem is not that you lack
motivation the problem is that you are
so paralyzed as a failure that you're
not willing to act understand this very
carefully that is not a lack of
motivation it's not that you are not
motivated to act is that there is a more
powerful force that paralyzes you from
action yeah I I had that when I when I
first I want to do YouTube videos and
stream for or mainly YouTube I wanted to
YouTube video since I was like 14 15 I
was like
like I always wanted to do it but I
always it was that feeling of what's the
point if it's just gonna be failure
what's the point if I do this and then
it's gonna fail like oh what if my
friends make fun of me and they're like
wow you have a video that has 80 views
like you know I always felt that fear
and then one day I just pretty much
pretty much said [ __ ] it I'm like you
know what I'm going to just try this if
it fails it fails if it doesn't it
doesn't and then Here I am today
so you know that idea of failure played
a big part in why I didn't try something
a decade earlier and I had to wait until
I was in my mom's basement alone until I
finally said you know what I I'm gonna
do it now so you know when you say [ __ ]
it you know what that is
that is surrender yeah [ __ ] it is
surrender you're right you get it yeah
so this is for all of you at home who
are watching who are feeling like you're
not motivated understand this very
clearly it's not a lack of motivation
and this is why cuz these people are
smart right like twitch hat is a super
smart and if you give them a problem to
solve they'll solve the problem the
problem is that you the problem that you
think you have is not the real problem
and that's the other reason you're stuck
you look for solutions that increase
your motivation it's not an issue of
motivation you have motivation just stop
and think about this for those of you
who want to transform your lives how
much do you want to transform your life
on a scale of 0 to 100 it
a hundred the motivation is gigantic it
is like the Mount Everest some
motivation you want to change so much
what do you think that is that's
motivation but I understand that there's
a stronger force within you which is
bigger than Everest
it's k2 right and the k2 is your fear of
failure what's gonna do okay
k2 is like a harder mountain to climb
than Everest I think Everest is actually
taller but Katie's like tougher so and
so in your case I want you guys to pay
attention to what Miss Kip is saying
because Miss gif says he used to be a
pleb it's ego you're still a [ __ ]
plop man like we're all plants like
that's the thing like we're a community
of plebs
and understand that the only difference
between you and miss kif is that misc if
at some point surrendered and he said
you know what I let go of success and I
embrace failure and when you embrace
failure success comes biggest paradox in
the universe that's a paradox right and
so what are you doing now
miss gift for you embracing failure I'm
calling myself a blood good because in
your mind when you stress you're
avoiding failure at all costs gotto
avoid failure can't fail can't crash
can't burn Hail Mary after Hail Mary
after Hail Mary after hail mere failure
is not an option
and it tears you apart on the inside
just like it tears tore me apart tears
them apart it's just how it works so let
go be the person that you are and just
stream like hang out man yeah and once
one day Nell sighs but failure is
allowed absolutely that's how you learn
tell you grow good judgment comes from
what within oh sure it's the answer I'm
looking for is experience experience
comes from what
failure absolutely
the other way to put it is experience
comes from bad judgment yeah so you get
to be good by being bad there's a saying
in go so go is like a you know go is
it's like a board game yeah yeah so they
say that the best way to learn how to go
is to lose your we lose your first
hundred games as quickly as possible
mmm that's how you wanna lose a hundred
games as quickly as you can and you'll
learn go anyway thoughts or questions
for me I nothing I I wrote it all down I
think I'm good that I learned that to
try the expectations never gonna be hit
all the time and the more I think about
hitting the expectation the more you'll
never hit because your reality is your
reality and you can't change that you
can't become this 24/7 you know
entertaining person it's it's not only
your it's just and it's just my
expectations the plebs don't think that
I think that the reality is my reality
and that's it I have to be my reality I
can't force something that's not there
it's it's not there you know and I also
I also have to learn the plebs don't
care about the high expectations they
don't you know they a lot of them like
you said they come here for to hang out
they come here just second monitor they
come here to have noise and some of them
come here because they're upset and
distress it's life and you know if I
could be there for them then that's good
and that's what the point of being a
streamer is is to be there for people
who need it or who are maybe feeling a
little bit lonely and if I could be
there for them then that's good and I've
sometimes forget about that I forget the
reason to be a streamer it is for that
reason is to hang out play video games
and make Chet happy it's not to be this
entertaining god or air constantly need
to be doing something that's super
entertaining and I took I've been
learning that a lot lately
I've I think I've been cutting back on
forcing stuff or trying to be
entertaining so I the stuff that we
talked to today I have learned I learned
it pretty much in like December
I'm kind of start really figuring this
stuff out and I also learned that I am a
pleb and that failure is allowed and I
will fail and I think like we the thing
you said about the Hail Marys is very
true it's I am constantly thinking that
I need to be always throwing Hail Marys
when you know what sometimes you're
gonna fumble and sometimes things are
not gonna go your way but that's okay
that's life and you're only human are
you only a pleb yeah man we're all plebs
it's how it works beautifully play so
bisque if I gotta also like give you
like props man like you're so good at
summarizing really yeah Bobby it's all
right here sure but I mean I think you
did it last time I think you tied it
together beautifully and I you know I
think you so props to you for closing
the door props for you for grabbing your
pencil props to you for like showing up
because this is what the result is like
right when you show up you kind of
accept it in that moment when you close
the door you grab your pencil and you
grabbed your paper you accepted your
reality and you felt a little bit shame
because you had an expectation of what
you should be able to do see that but
the boring shame yeah right yeah I
thought you said like you I feel like a
five-year-old
I don't maybe I'm right
and it's that's it another big thing is
that there's so like the window like
this the gap between expectation and
reality is where our shame lives and
what we really need to do insulate that
shame keeps us from looking at where we
really are and there then it keeps us
stuck because we start to we try to live
where the expectation is instead of
living where the reality is and so no
wonder we don't move forward because we
don't start with like where we are you
say to yourself oh I should be better at
this but like if you suck at it so be it
it
stuff that you suck at it and then like
get better but the people who get hung
up on where they should be never improve
because they're not like actually moving
from where they are it's like almost
like is it like the you know when you
think of like a steps they're like
trying to skip the first - the first
step to the last beautiful beautifully
put right
so they say like I want to move from
step 9 - 10 no I don't want to I don't
want to move from step 1 - 2 I'm better
than that yeah I'm at step 9
I'm smarter than this guy and this guy's
at step 9 a [ __ ] smarter than he is I
don't have to be in step 1 I shouldn't
be at step 1 so be where you are be
pathetic be a pleb embrace your plan
embrace that you suck and then move move
out of it you gotta meet yourself where
you are not where you should be and I
see you doing that and like awesome man
like I couldn't have said it better
myself I really it's beautiful I told me
good we good for today
okay awesome and good luck let's stay in
touch you know if you know I've been
taking my pills - or my eye I was told
to get the pills cuz they're best messy
is that okay one of those the Greece
Greek fenugreek yeah don't it hmm what
do you mean less messy what does that
mean well seeds are messy I just have
the pill Shady's get the seeds get the
seeds okay I'll get the seeds okay
they're not messy just like seeds man
yeah I also I've figured out why I have
the other thing is wait how long have
you been taking fenugreek since we last
talked and how long is your sleep in bad
uh six months eight months okay so it's
not just since you started the fenugreek
okay no the fenugreek does I don't know
if it's helped but I've realized why I
have such terrible shits I a peanut
butter cereal like five times a day and
it's ridiculously high in fiber and you
get like almost all your fiber in one
sitting so I eat the cereal all the time
like it's all I eat so if you're eating
peanut butter cereal that's very high in
fiber don't take fenugreek yeah why I
real I'm I'm cutting back on the cereal
because okay good it's way too much
fiber like it's okay yeah okay all right
learned I will take the seeds that I
promise okay no but if you're taking a
bunch of fiber don't take the seeds
because they're very high in fiber
oh is that what the seeds are there just
fiber they're not just fiber but they
are very high in fiber mm-hmm so if
you're eating a bunch of fiber just
don't take the seeds will figure that
out like message me or something DME
will sort out what you should take but
don't take fenugreek seeds and don't
take the pills let me just think about
it okay all right take care of men nice
talking to you okay chat
good work today thoughts questions oh
[ __ ] I was supposed to teach him how to
meditate damn it
I just got so into it I got a run to in
about like five minutes but we're about
30 minutes over today
okay no no like I have like appointments
and stuff guys I got a I got a play
I got a play a little bit of Warhammer
before I start seeing my afternoon folks
so got to do your gaming maybe I'll take
a walk for a little bit all right so
that was a lot of fun I hope does that
make sense like did you guys follow what
I was saying earlier about like failure
and surrender and things like that I
think um you know that's really
important okay so yeah so just think
about that right so like remember that
if you guys are feeling stuck like it's
not about a lack of motivation like I
remember when I was you know just
sucking at life like I wanted so much to
change I just did not want to live my
life anymore like I just didn't want to
live it like I wasn't really suicidal
but I was just like I'm tired of us I
want to be proud of Who I am I want to
like wake up in the morning and like
feel good about myself and like feel
like you know good physically feel good
mentally like I want to have friends and
I want to be in love and I want to be
like professionally successful and I
wanted to like hold my head up with
pride like I wanted to just you know the
thing that I hated the most is like when
my parents would call me and they'd ask
me like how is your class today and I
didn't [ __ ] go to class that question
pissed me off so much and it's just like
simple things like oh like what are you
up to nowadays like I remember I would
like go home right for like Christmas
break
there's some Christmas party where like
socially like you hang out with people
who are your parents friends and stuff
like that people in the town they just
ask you basic questions like Oh what are
you what are you what are you studying
what do you want to do after you
graduate it's like you know guys I don't
even know if I'm gonna graduate but you
can't say that do your you know your
dad's friend and the weird sweater like
it's so like this the simplest questions
can be so shaming and I didn't want to
feel that way anymore I'm tired of
feeling that way and I knew I was better
than that so much shame so meet yourself
where you are let yourself say [ __ ] it
embrace failure give it a shot and
you'll be surprised
you